1.  What’s stdint.h?
stdint.h is a header file in C standard library that's used in order to
write typedefs that specify exact-width integer types, joined with
min/max allowed values for each type. This allows you to be sure of the
actual size you want an int.

2.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t
in a program?
They're signed and unsigned integer types from stdint.h. They're used to
show that you are going to use the data in a specific way. You just use
what you need (in bits). It's clearer for the computer and programmer.

3.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
BYTE - 1 byte (8 bits)
DWORD - 4 bytes (32 bits)
LONG - 4 bytes (32 bits)
WORD - 2 bytes (16 bits)

4.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of
any BMP file be? Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high
probability) are generally called "magic numbers."
ASCII - B and then M
Hexadecimal - 0x42, 0x4D

5.  What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
bfSize is size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.
biSize is size, in bytes, of the BITMAPINFOHEADER file
(it's a constant of 40 bytes)

6.  What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
The bitmap image is top-down DIB with the origin at the top left corner

7.  What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e.,
bits per pixel)?
biBitCount specifies the BMP's color depth

8.  Why might fopen return NULL in lines 24 and 32 of copy.c?
If the files don't exist/can't be found.

9.  Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
It specifies the number of elements we want to read; here it is 1
structure. (You can only read 1 structure at a time)

10. What value does line 65 of copy.c assign to padding if bi.biWidth
is 3?
Padding value is 3. 3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel = 9. You need a
multiple of 4 for the scanline, so 3 bytes are added to the padding making it 12 (multiple of 4).

11. What does fseek do?
It allows you to change the offset of the file pointer (changing the location)
*offset refers to how many bytes you want to change the current position of
file pointer

12. What is SEEK_CUR?
It's the current position indicator in a file.

